# opinion-texts
Hi! I Will be listing 20 places,and i will you  shuoldvisit the country. Ok, let us get to start
1st area , Although i have never been to fiji i can tell you this,It probably is the best place to visit on earth.
Sure, Fiji ticks all the right tropical paradise boxes. But, there’s so much more to the charming reef than typical island getaways have to offer. First, Fiji isn’t overly developed. Wherever you choose to go in the islands, it’s easy to spend your days immersed in nature—blissfully free from traffic, telephones, televisions, and tourist attractions. Second, Fiji retains much of its traditional culture, offering a more authentic look at Pacific Island life.
Experience the islands’ pristine surroundings and local culture on only-in-Fiji excursions like the tour. The day-long trek into Viti Levu’s Sabeto Valley begins with a traditional Fijian friendship ceremony. Sip kava (Fiji’s national drink made from dried kava plant roots and rainwater) from a coconut shell and see a Fijian cooking demonstration and feast on the results for lunch in Nalesutale (“Welcome Back”) Village. From there, head into the forest to soaring through the treetops, slather on silky-smooth mud and wash it off in the mud pool, and soak in natural hot springs.

2nd area ,All i can say is that it is an extremly beautiful place 
First reason, The views from your overwater villa are only half the story – wait until you see the underwater world! Bora Bora has some of the largest manta rays I’ve seen, and it also has many eagle rays, stingrays, small reef sharks (they actually tend to be shy of humans), moray eels, and many kinds of tropical fish. I particularly recommend Pure Snorkeling by Reef Discovery for snorkeling, and Dive N’Smile for scuba diving. Both had very friendly, professional guides who cater to very small groups and cared about our experience.
 Then, Bora Bora’s lagoon features some of the most amazing colored turquoise water you’ll see anywhere, thanks to being very sheltered from the sea, and very shallow in many places. In fact, you can often see incredible color variations between the turquoise shallow and dark blue deeper water.
If at all possible, also reserve a bungalow or villa with an unobstructed view of Mount Otemanu, which rises majestically from Bora Bora’s main island. But even if your view is of the lagoon and beach with swaying palm trees, count yourself lucky – the tropical colors are so vivid, it’s a bit like in the original Wizard of Oz movie, when the opening sequence in black and white gives way to technicolor in the land of Oz.


3rd place,Mexico, Mexico has amazing history and culture and it is a great  place to tour,
First, meico as a whole is a breathtakingly biodiverse country. Although it doesn’t come close to rivalling Costa Rica, there are some animals you can pretty much only find in the forests, jungles and waters of this North American country. If you’re lucky, you might spot a critically endangered axolotl, or even the native Mexican mammal known as the cacomistle. Head north and you have a chance of glimpsing a Mexican prairie dog, and in the waters around Baja, you might see a vaquita porpoise.
Second,While we’ve already mentioned the variety of wildlife in the country, it’s worth remembering the range of climates and conditions that Mexico can offer the casual traveller. Deserts dominate the dry northern states, whilst western Mexico and the states of Jalisco are often considered to be destinations of eternal spring. Head to the Yucatán Peninsula and you’ve got turquoise seas, the south has lush jungles and the Pacific is humid and hot. Plus, pretty much all of Mexico is crisscrossed by mountains and volcanoes just waiting to be explored.
